Add experimental h1 UA styles removal (#33020)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### UA styles for `<h1>` nested into sectioning elements

`<h1>` headings are no longer decreasing font size when nested into sectioning `<article>`, `<aside>`, `<nav>`, `<section>` elements. These UA styles are no longer relevant due to the changes in the HTML specification [removing the outline algorithm](https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/7829). This is an experiment to see how this change affects existing web pages and whether it's feasible to remove them by default. ([Firefox bug 1883896](https://bugzil.la/1883896)).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Release channel</th>
      <th>Version added</th>
      <th>Enabled by default?</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Nightly</th>
      <td>126</td>

>       <td>Yes</td>

Reviewer: The pref is `false` on Nightly and `true` on other channels. So this is either backwards or the `th` should say something like "UA styles removed?"

Author: Good point. I think it also makes sense to mention it in the description.

Reviewer: Reopening, this should say "No" (and "Yes" on non-Nightly).

  </tbody>
</table>

> ### UA styles for `<h1>` nested into sectioning elements

Author: I think it’s important to keep the “UA styles” part. Otherwise, it’s not clear what is the nature of this change.

> ### UA styles for `<h1>` nested into sectioning elements

Reviewer 2: I see your point. In other sections though, we just mention the name of the property or API or feature.

> ### UA styles for `<h1>` nested into sectioning elements

Author: ```suggestion
### UA style for `<h1>` elements nested in sectioning elements
```

Now `<h1>` headings don't decrease font size when nested into sectioning `<article>`, `<aside>`, `<nav>`, `<section>` elements. These UA styles are no longer relevant due to the changes in the HTML specification [removing the outline algorithm](https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/7829). This is an experiment to see how this change affects existing web pages and whether it's feasible to remove them by default. ([Firefox bug 1883896](https://bugzil.la/1883896)).

> > **Note:** It's a reverse flag: it's set to `false` only in Nightly builds, which removes the UA styles, and to `true` in all other versions, which keeps them.

Reviewer 2: Is it correct or clear to say "removes the UA styles"? Maybe we need to say something to the effect of "With the new implementation, sectioning elements don't influence the nested `<h1>`."?
What about rephrasing the `true` part like this:
```suggestion
> **Note:** It's a reverse preference: it's set to `false` only in the Nightly build, which removes the UA styles, and to `true` in all other channels, which still uses sectioning elements for document outline.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestions! A small edit: this preference affects only the styles. The outline is gone from the spec, and sections are on the websites.

```suggestion
> **Note:** It's a reverse preference: it's set to `false` only in the Nightly build, which removes the UA styles, and to `true` in all other channels, which still keep the UA styles for nested headings.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the clarification. What do you think these tweaks (splitting the sentence to aid with readability):

```suggestion
> **Note:** The preference for this feature works in reverse: it's set to `false` only in the Nightly build, which removes the UA styling for headings nested in sectioning elements. In all other channels, it's set to `true`, which still uses the UA styling for headings nested in sectioning elements.
```
or if that's too verbose, then (also, dropped "only", added "existing"):

```suggestion
> **Note:** The preference for this feature works in reverse: it's set to `false` in the Nightly build, which removes the UA styling for headings nested in sectioning elements. It's set to `true` in all other channels, which retains the existing UA styling for the nested headings.
```

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Release channel</th>
      <th>Version added</th>

>       <th>UA styles removed?</th>

Reviewer 2: With the note in place, I think we can go with the previous `th` (Enabled by default?). Otherwise this would be the only case where it is different from the other tables on this page.

Reviewer 2: I think another point to consider is that in other tables on the page, we don't use the "result" of the pref being enabled to name the column.
